This is pydink, an alternative engine and editor for Dink Smallwood. It
requires the (free) artwork of the original game (or new artwork, but that
isn't provided).

It is not entirely bug-compatible. Several choices have been made which make
things work differently from the original game. Games that are not too complex
should work on both systems, though.

*** Setting up ***
Also make sure you have Python and PyGtk installed.

In the pydink directory, do
ln -s ../libgui-py/gui.py

Then run
./makecache

Then edit pydink/config.py in your configuration directory (~/.config on unix).
Also edit the first lines of pde.gui.in to make it start you editors instead of mine.

Then prepare the gui:
../xmlgen/xmlgen < pde.gui.in > pde.gui

To create an empty dmod, run
./build directory

After that, running this command again will (try to) build a dmod from the files in the directory.

The files can be edited by hand, but more easily with the editor:
./pde directory


Every command is a single key. Undo is not implemented, nor is auto-save, so be careful. Auto-backup is implemented, so if you want an undo-option, just save a lot.

The controls are:
Left mouse button: select sprite, select multiple when dragging. Keep old selection when holding control while clicking. During an operation: confirm and finish the operation (move, resize, etc).

Middle mouse button: paste selected sprites or tiles.

Right mouse button: select tiles. Similar to left button.

Keys (TODO are not implemented yet):
a set attack
b set walk
c start cropping TODO
d set die
e edit script
f fill tiles
g make group TODO
h toggle is_hard
i set idle
j jump to selected
k kill sprite
l start resizing (largeness)
m start moving
n jump to next TODO
o open group TODO
p play
q start que change
r random fill tiles
s save
t toggle show tilescreen
u undo TODO
v set visual? TODO
w enable warp and toggle select warp target or sprite
x exit (without saving!)
y yank (copy) tiles
z start screen zoom

0-9 run script TODO
/ search sprites TODO
' toggle nohit
` enter command TODO
- unselect all
= view world map
backspace restore 100% zoom
home center screen
ins insert screen
del delete screen
escape cancel current operation
enter finish current operation
space start screen panning
numpad 12346789 new sprite from collection with given direction
numpad 5 new sprite from collection with any direction
numpad 0 new sprite from non-collection sequence

In the sequence selection screens, the mouse buttons mean:
Left: change selected sprite's sequence and frame to selected frame.
Middle: add new sprite with selected frame.
Right: unused.

For many commands the pointer position when the key is pressed is important.

Screen zoom is so slow that you should only use it by pressing cursor keys, not by moving the mouse.

Feedback is very welcome.
